Fix clipboard copy notification for blocked environments (#22797)
directus/directus: .changeset/selfish-countries-check.md

---
'@directus/api': patch
---

> Fixed an issue where copying-to-clipboard displayed a success-notification eventhough it failed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where copying-to-clipboard displayed a success notification even though it failed
```
